# JavaTask
1A.Created the new method sing in Bird class.After creating the object in the main class for the Bird, with the reference of obi sing method is called.
2A.Checken cannot fly. we can't directly inherent. So created the Abstract class animal with no methods. Created the interfaces for fly,sing,walk. Inherated the Animal class and implements which are the interfaces required.
3A.Chicken extends bird, but roosted and chicken has different sound. By using a constructor initializing the weather its rooster or chicken by passing the arguments while creating the instance of the class.
4A.Three parrots has 3 different types of sound.Using a constructor initializing and by passing the which parrot while creating the instance of the classs. I this way with single class and creating the a new object for each parrot sloved the question. In future if one more parrot needs to add means, simply can create one more object.
B.Extending the fish class from Animal class and implement the swim.Sharks and clownfish extending the fish and creating their own methods. Dolphins directly implementing the swim.For spceal charactors size and color created the created the class members and initilizing through constructor while creating the object by passing as arguments.
C.Butteryfly and Caterpiller are extending the Animal and implementing the fly and walk respectively. Creating the objects in the main and using them.
D.Created abstract class Animal and kept abstract methods as walk,fly,swim,sing.Created another class response to get the values(like how many animals can fly).An array list is created and added all the animals into the list.In the List , usning the abstract class animal, object is created for each animal and made respective methods true. By using the resrcontroller (@GetMapping("/animals) as a path to call the respective function) when the respective function is called eg. 'fly', how many animals can fly data will be provided.
